# ai-case-study
From AI Bootcamp; week 1 challenge

# TITLE
Epic Software utilizing AI
## Overview and Origin


* Name of company
Epic healthcare software

* When was the company incorporated?
1979 -- https://www.techtarget.com/searchhealthit/definition/Epic-Systems-Corp#:~:text=Epic%20Systems%20is%20one%20of,and%20share%20electronic%20medical%20records.

* Who are the founders of the company?
computer programmer Judy Faulkner --
https://www.techtarget.com/searchhealthit/definition/Epic-Systems-Corp#:~:text=Epic%20Systems%20is%20one%20of,and%20share%20electronic%20medical%20records.

* How did the idea for the company (or project) come about?

* How is the company funded? How much funding have they received?
Epic's revenues are generated by selling software to healthcare providers, largely hospitals and health systems, but medical groups as well -- https://www.forbes.com/sites/sethjoseph/2023/11/28/into-the-death-zone-what-digital-health-can-learn-from-epics-38b-revenue/?sh=419c7f1d2e5c

## Business Activities

* What specific problem is the company or project trying to solve?

* Who is the company's intended customer? Is there any information about the market size of this set of customers?
everyone

* What solution does this company offer that their competitors do not or cannot offer? (What is the unfair advantage they utilize?)
  Epic provides an enterprise level electronic health record solution.
  - integrations
  - module platforms
  
* Which technologies are they currently using, and how are they implementing them? (This may take a little bit of sleuthing&mdash;you may want to search the company’s engineering blog or use sites like Stackshare to find this information.)

## Landscape

* What field is the company in?
Health industry

* What have been the major trends and innovations of this field over the last 5&ndash;10 years?
  moving towards tech solutions/remote/automated/AI

* What are the other major companies in this field?
  Allscripts/NextGen/cerner/athena <-- ehr systems

## Results

* What has been the business impact of this company so far?
revolutionary

* What are some of the core metrics that companies in this field use to measure success? How is your company performing based on these metrics?
revenue/longevity/client and employee retention/market share -- doing well, if not leading (research this)

* How is your company performing relative to competitors in the same field?
likely leading, but need to research this

## Recommendations

* If you were to advise the company, what products or services would you suggest they offer? (This could be something that a competitor offers, or use your imagination!)
Research shows improving speed of the system would be largely beneficial

* Why do you think that offering this product or service would benefit the company?
  customers/clients would be happier to use it

* What technologies would this additional product or service utilize?

* Why are these technologies appropriate for your solution?
